Document Directus 12.2.0 (#792)
directus/docs: content/guides/13.security/1.best-practices.md

Updating `directus_settings` changes behavior for every user in the project. Fields on this collection include the project name, theming, authentication policy, and URLs used in outbound email templates. A non-administrator with update access can inject CSS into the Data Studio through the theming group, change links in password-reset emails, or disable password requirements.

Read access matters too. `directus_settings` stores the API keys for your configured AI providers in fields such as `ai_openai_api_key`, so a policy that grants read on the whole collection hands those credentials to every user it applies to.

- Grant update on `directus_settings` to administrators only.
- If non-administrators need to edit a specific field, scope field permissions tightly, and pair the policy with a [Content Security Policy](/configuration/security-limits#csp) that restricts inline styles and untrusted sources.

> - Scope read on `directus_settings` to the fields your users actually need. Policies created before Directus 12.2.0 grant read on every field, including the AI provider keys. See [Version 12 breaking changes](/releases/breaking-changes/version-12) for the field list applied to new policies.

Reviewer: As mentioned, given read to the api keys was not necessarily an issue as we masked the values. More a "least permission required" model improvement.

```suggestion
- Scope read on `directus_settings` to the minimum fields your users actually need. Policies created before Directus 12.2.0 grant read on every field. See [Version 12 breaking changes](/releases/breaking-changes/version-12) for the field list applied to new policies.
```
